# Dungeon Game Mania

## Introduction
"Dungeon Game Mania" is a captivating dungeon crawler game developed in Java, designed to provide an immersive gaming experience. With intricate dungeons, diverse entities, and challenging objectives, each playthrough invites players to explore, strategize, and overcome new challenges, ensuring no two games are the same.

## Features
- **Dynamic Dungeon Generation**: Explore new layouts each time with mazes generated by `MazeGenerator.java`.
- **Robust Entity System**: Engage with a variety of entities including players, assassins, hydras, and zombies, each defined within the `entity` package.
- **Multiple Game Modes**: Choose from `StandardMode`, `HardMode`, and `PeacefulMode` to match your playstyle.
- **Complex Goals**: Achieve diverse objectives with the advanced systems implemented in the `goal` package.
- **Equipment and Collectibles**: Collect and utilize items managed within the `equipAndCollectablemodel` package.
- **Moving Entities**: Interact with dynamic characters, each with unique behaviors, organized in the `movingEntity` package.
- **Static Entities**: Encounter non-movable objects such as doors and switches from the `staticEntity` package.
- **Time Travel Mechanics**: Manipulate time within the game using features from the `timetravel` package, adding an innovative layer to gameplay.
- **Utility Tools**: Benefit from utility classes for file loading, JSON parsing, and position management found in the `util` package.

## Technical Specifications
- **Java Version**: Optimized for Java 11, ensuring performance and compatibility.
- **Build System**: Utilizes Gradle for reliable project setup and dependency management.
- **Key Libraries**: Includes Gson for JSON processing, Sparkjava for creating light web services, and SLF4J for effective logging.

## Getting Started
Embark on your dungeon adventure by setting up the game on your machine.

### Prerequisites
Make sure you have the following installed:
- Java Development Kit (JDK) 11
- Gradle 6.x or newer

### Installation
1. Clone the Dungeon Game Mania repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AlanFengyuWang/Dungeon-game-Mania.git
